#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
amqp==5.3.1
    # via kombu
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   channels
    #   channels-redis
    #   daphne
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
    #   service-identity
    #   twisted
autobahn==24.4.2
    # via daphne
automat==25.4.16
    # via twisted
billiard==4.2.1
    # via celery
celery==5.3.6
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   cloudinary
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
channels[daphne]==4.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   channels-redis
channels-redis==4.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.2.0
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
cloudinary==1.37.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-cloudinary-storage
colorama==0.4.6
    # via click
constantly==23.10.4
    # via twisted
cryptography==44.0.2
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   service-identity
daphne==4.2.0
    # via channels
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via python3-openid
dj-rest-auth==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==4.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   channels
    #   dj-rest-auth
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-polymorphic
    #   django-redis
    #   django-rest-polymorphic
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-spectacular-sidecar
django-allauth==0.52.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cloudinary-storage==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-polymorphic==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-rest-polymorphic
django-redis==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-rest-polymorphic==0.1.10
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dj-rest-auth
    #   django-rest-polymorphic
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-spectacular
djangorestframework-simplejwt==5.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-spectacular[sidecar]==0.28.0
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-spectacular-sidecar==2025.3.1
    # via drf-spectacular
hyperlink==21.0.0
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   twisted
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   hyperlink
    #   requests
    #   twisted
incremental==24.7.2
    # via twisted
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
kombu==5.5.3
    # via celery
msgpack==1.1.1
    # via channels-redis
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
pillow==10.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via click-repl
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   service-identity
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via service-identity
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   django-allauth
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
pyopenssl==25.1.0
    # via twisted
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via celery
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via django-allauth
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via drf-spectacular
redis==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   channels-redis
    #   django-redis
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-cloudinary-storage
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via django-allauth
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
service-identity==24.2.0
    # via twisted
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   cloudinary
    #   django-rest-polymorphic
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via django
twisted[tls]==25.5.0
    # via daphne
txaio==25.6.1
    # via autobahn
typing-extensions==4.13.0
    # via
    #   pyopenssl
    #   referencing
    #   twisted
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   kombu
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   cloudinary
    #   requests
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
zope-interface==7.2
    # via twisted

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
